Update Ping README to separately install Ping binary (#1557)
DataDog/integrations-extras: ping/README.md

   # Windows
   agent.exe integration install -t datadog-ping==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>
   ```

> 2. Install the `ping` binary in accordance to your OS. For example, run the following for Ubuntu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the `ping` binary in accordance to your OS. For example, run the following command for Ubuntu:
```

   ```shell
   apt-get install iputils-ping
   ```
   

> 3. Configure your integration similar to core [integrations][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. See the instructions in the [Integrations documentation][4]to configure your integration.
```

Reviewer: Is there a specific section of that documentation that we can refer them to?

Author: I'm not completely sure, but I think we could also link to the [conf.yaml](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/ping/datadog_checks/ping/data/conf.yaml.example) as an alternative?

Reviewer: On second thought, step #3 might not be necessary, because the Configuration section tells user how to configure the conf.yaml file and links to it as well. https://a.cl.ly/v1uQQdWD What do you think?

Author: I think we should keep the current section since this is something the original maintainer added.
